hey people i would have the pressure of being
be around like this
let's start this way and for the bund
you need a head around then one
topcu and the end of the first step is like that
a top 4 does not do around it
and do not look at my approach of
then stretch so you can still eat plait
him here around the arm then with mine
level made
everything is now completely screwed in here
firm must not be too loose otherwise
it's useless and then it has me
easy now to stop halt further
but you have to really make it to the
The End
not at all nice so a minute
you have to take your time otherwise
It will not be so nice
you see everything screwed up
That's right
then here the plait gummi festzeiten
now well
so a bit set just sitting otherwise
here and she thinks better in my own
now i like it a bit
Report so then write yours
comment I have nothing left
should do and not forget
Subscribe and work until the next job
know